Before we dive into writing our service worker code and registering a service worker, we have to understand
in which browsers we can actually use it.
Now service worker availability and the support of the various features related to service workers can
be checked on
this is service worker ready page here, which you'll find in the last lecture of this module.
Generally, all browsers are open to service workers and are on their way to supporting them, though some
of them like Safari are a little further away from that support being shipped, Edge also still is in development.
Now the important thing is, even if a browser doesn't support it yet, it's still worth using service workers
because with Chrome supporting it both on desktop and mobile, a huge user base already has access
to this feature,
so you can already improve your application for a huge audience and other browsers will probably also ship
support relatively soon, maybe already at the point of time you're watching this video,
it's already worth improving your web applications
for that reason. That's the progressive part about progressive web apps,
you add new features for the audience who is able to use it and the app will still work for the other
users and
browsers too, just without service workers.
So that's the support, as you can see, pretty decent already and bound to become better.